All of the initial setup for our exploration and service is complete, so now we can start to focus
on the actual application logic.
We're going to implement this and kind of a top down approach.
So we're going to first focus on creating a listener to watch for the order created event.
We'll then make sure that we start to set up something with Bull JS and then eventually create our publisher
for the exploration complete event.
So let's first get started with the order created listener.
Inside of my expiration service in the CRC directory, I'm going to make a new folder called Events.
Inside there, I'm going to create a new folder of listeners.
And then inside of that, I'll make a new file of order.
Created listener dots.
So this listener is going to be very similar to all the listeners we put together before we're going
to subclass our listener base class.
We're going to set up the on message function and then run some business logic inside there.
Pretty straightforward.
We've gone through this several times, so let's just get right to it.
First off, I'm going to get my listener base glass.
From my common module.
Well, then exports.
A new class called Order Created Listener.
That's going to be extending the listener.
And we can pretty much allow TypeScript to guide us from there.
Just in case you forgot how all this stuff comes together.
So once again, immediately, we've really been through this.
Remember, we have to plug in the type of event that we want to listen for.
So I'm going to get the order created event.
Plug it in as the generic type.
We will then be told that we have to supply on message.
Q Group name and subject.
Let's take care of subject first, so I'll get my subjects in.
And then say that subject is going to be of type subject start order created and its value will be subjects
order created.
Then our group name.
Once again, we will create a group name inside of a separate file just to avoid any typos.
I don't really expect to have any other listeners, but it's still nice to follow the same pattern inside
the listeners directory.
I'll make a new folder of Q.
Group name.
Yes.
Sorry.
I think I might have said folder meant to say file.
So file of Q group name?
Yes.
And then I will export Colin's du group name.
And we'll give this one a name of expiration.
Service.
Back over inside the listener.
At the very top.
Let's get our cue.
Group name.
From that file we just created.
Assign it as a property to the class.
And then define our on message function.
As usual, this thing is going to receive two arguments.
So data that will be of type order created event specifically the data property.
So order created event at data.
And then our message which we have type message and that is coming from.
The Node gnat streaming library.
Okay.
So good start.
Well, that is pretty much it for step number one right here.
So from here on out, we're going to have to start to focus on exactly how we work with blogs and how
we're going to tell it, to remind us to do something in 15 minutes.
So let's start to get a deeper overview of what's going on with the Bulge Library in the next video.